refactor: new outline of docs (#299)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/user-guide/scripts-&-functions/overview.md

# Scripts & functions

GreptimeDB supports running Python script inside the database. If the business logic is too complex to express via SQL, you can use python. Python prevails in the data science and AI world. To avoid spending lots of time and effort transferring and transforming data, we provide the capability of executing Python scripts in the database. We call it the python coprocessor: co-processing for time series data analysis and processing.
We think the python coprocessor in GreptimeDB is a perfect replacement for stored procedures in traditional RDMS, and also the user can create SQL UDF(User Defined Function) by defining coprocessors.

* [Getting started](./getting-started.md)
* [Function](./function.md)
* [Data types](./data-types.md)
* [API](./api.md)

All the examples can be found in [python-coprocessor-examples](https://github.com/GreptimeTeam/python-coprocessor-examples).

# Note:

The Python coprocessor is currently in its experimental phase, and the API may undergo some changes.

Python coprocessor is only supported in standalone mode right now. We will support it in distributed mode in future.

> You can download [pre-built binaries](https://github.com/GreptimeTeam/greptimedb/releases) with PyO3 supported whose file names are postfixed by `pyo3`.You can just also use RustPython which doesn't require additional setup by download binary files without `pyo3` postfixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download [pre-built binaries](https://greptiime.com/download) with PyO3 supported whose file names are postfixed by `pyo3`.You can just also use RustPython which doesn't require additional setup by download binary files without `pyo3` postfixed.
```

# Scripts & functions

GreptimeDB supports running Python script inside the database. If the business logic is too complex to express via SQL, you can use python. Python prevails in the data science and AI world. To avoid spending lots of time and effort transferring and transforming data, we provide the capability of executing Python scripts in the database. We call it the python coprocessor: co-processing for time series data analysis and processing.
We think the python coprocessor in GreptimeDB is a perfect replacement for stored procedures in traditional RDMS, and also the user can create SQL UDF(User Defined Function) by defining coprocessors.

* [Getting started](./getting-started.md)

> * [Function](./function.md)

Reviewer 2: I want to move `data types` section before `functon`. The user must be familiar with data types to use these functions.

* [Data types](./data-types.md)
* [API](./api.md)

All the examples can be found in [python-coprocessor-examples](https://github.com/GreptimeTeam/python-coprocessor-examples).

# Note:

The Python coprocessor is currently in its experimental phase, and the API may undergo some changes.

> Python coprocessor is only supported in standalone mode right now. We will support it in distributed mode in future.

Reviewer 2: Already supported in distribute mode, am i right? @MichaelScofield
